I am a product owner with 6+ years of niche expertise in building hard-tech applications, scalable documentation, and thriving open-source communities.

My diverse experience comes from wearing multiple hats at startups, taking ownership in uncertainty and solving complex problems with first principles thinking. My professional background spans full stack development, product development, release engineering, DevOps, developer education, community management and growth. Each career pivot into a completely new niche, under unforgiving circumstances and challenging odds is where I've delivered my best work.

As a skilled operator, my core engineering experience lies in building highly scalable, reliable applications with Node.js/TypeScript/Python for resource-constrained environments. I built and maintained the first ever open-source Hardware in the Loop system for a leading IoT fleet management company. While mastering hardware, firmware, and operating systems during this stint, I also created a fully automated generative documentation system before LLMs became mainstream, saved millions of dollars in cloud & engineering costs through strategic projects, and presented my learnings (and mistakes too) at major international conferences as a speaker.

I bring a strong sense of ownership with a unique blend of "firestarter" energy to any collective I join. My guiding principle is eliminating problems, not just continually solving them. Working remotely for over 8 years, I have driven teams to achieve measurable results in every organization I've been part of.

Contributing since 2016, my origin story in tech is through open-source. I initially aspired to be an architect in urban planning, but fell in love with the idea of a community building things together globally—for everyone, for free. I've been fortunate to collaborate with some of the best minds in the industry through Mozilla Festival, HackMIT, Google Summer of Code, AMA Mentorship program & Google Code-in.

ALiAS was that same "fire" I ignited at my alma mater. A 3000+ student-run open-source community focusing on ethical contributions, peer-to-peer learning, and fostering a culture of open-source in the university. My proudest accomplishment was the Amity Travel Scholarship, a program I established to help students attend conferences and hackathons with expenses covered.

My weekends are dedicated as Communication Lead for PyCon India, mentoring college students through ALiAS, and organizing meetups for GitHub GitTogether Delhi-NCR community. I've also been involved in various initiatives promoting open-source software and hardware, including workshops, hackathons, and meetups. Currently, I'm scaling up the Open Hardware in the Loop community.

Today, I serve as a product owner & documentation lead at Balena. I also run Mixster, an initiative to "right" the docs and build scalable content pipelines for startups and organizations. I'm always exploring new challenges at the intersection of product, people, and code.